-----------------------------------------------------------------
A (***partial***) solution to the Kaggle bike sharing demand prediction challenge
-----------------------------------------------------------------

##IN PROGRESS

Goals: 

1. Clean, normalize, and describe data
2. Analyze using an array of ML and Statistical Models *(INPROGRESS)*
3. Validation

Contents:

1. data
2. code *(IN NOTEBOOK, TO BE CONVERTED AND CLEANED UP)*
3. results & figures *(CODE IN NOTEBOOK, GRAPHICS TO BE EXTRACTED)*

------------------------------------------------------------
[From Kaggle:](https://www.kaggle.com/c/bike-sharing-demand)
------------------------------------------------------------

Forecast use of a city bikeshare system

Bike sharing systems are a means of renting bicycles where the process of obtaining membership, rental, and bike return is automated via a network of kiosk locations throughout a city. Using these systems, people are able rent a bike from a one location and return it to a different place on an as-needed basis. Currently, there are over 500 bike-sharing programs around the world.

The data generated by these systems makes them attractive for researchers because the duration of travel, departure location, arrival location, and time elapsed is explicitly recorded. Bike sharing systems therefore function as a sensor network, which can be used for studying mobility in a city. In this competition, participants are asked to combine historical usage patterns with weather data in order to forecast bike rental demand in the Capital Bikeshare program in Washington, D.C.

Acknowledgements

Kaggle is hosting this competition for the machine learning community to use for fun and practice. This dataset was provided by Hadi Fanaee Tork using data from Capital Bikeshare. We also thank the UCI machine learning repository for hosting the dataset. If you use the problem in publication, please cite:

Fanaee-T, Hadi, and Gama, Joao, Event labeling combining ensemble detectors and background knowledge, Progress in Artificial Intelligence (2013): pp. 1-15, Springer Berlin Heidelberg.
